The I-Metrics CMS is an open source advanced content management platform to create and manage web pages. 
This web package that can be used for start-up businesses, blogs even personal sites. The platform is scalable with the aid of plugin extensions can be configured to manage different site types.

Built-in Features:
    Full text pages management including word-processor and ready pages HTML code upload.
    Content Collections management for text pages, images and other content collections
    Advanced SEO features including meta-tags, friendly links, Search Engines Sitemap
    Integrated advanced Helpdesk to send, receive and manage the website emails from the administration end.
    Multilingual framework, independent language system any part of the content can become multiple-language capable.
    Integrated templates general manager for emails and to assist with web content creation.
    Includes a semi-template system very flexible and easy to customize the site's layout.
    Integrated Cache manager for content and images.
    File Manage, Database Backup and Monitor, Online Visitor listing,
    Advanced SEO built-in tools with many configuration options offering great flexibility generating and managing meta-tags and friendly links.
    Compatible with PHP4 and PHP5 versions.

Bundled Plugins and Extensions with the I-Metrics CMS
    Banners Manager includes jQuery interface for image transitions includes logging of impressions and clicks.
    Complete Comments System extension can be attached to to blog and text page allows visitors to enter comments or reviews along with ratings.
    Dynamic Drop-Down Menu extension provides alternative forms of navigation.
    Using the Direct Management extension virtually every web page can be edited directly from the front-end via a popup editing mechanism.
    The Files Download Manager associates individual or groups of file downloads with specific web pages.
    Language Selection allows visitors to change the language for websites with multilingual content. Any number of languages is supported, includes language editor.
    A Newsletter System can build newsletters with a template system allows visitor subscription, can send emails to subscribed visitors and can record clicks from within the email content.
    Dynamic Popup Image system can attach to images in content pages and group images together.
    Dynamic Left and Right Navigation Columns can significantly increase the content focus by configuring and exposing related content to each web page.
    Voting System can link a votes form to any content page along with a configurable rating scale.

Many other extensions are available including a history system to record administrator visits, developer code tags for page content, alternative page content layout.